Feature/descw 2878 include wp pattern scan (#6)
bcgov/wordpress-utils: README.md

This should be included as dev dependency for all themes and plugins, which will then give coding standards, testing and checklists.

## The bin folder
###  Scan WP Patterns Script

The `scan-wp-patterns.php` script gets installed into the `vendor/bin` folder, and is used to do basic scanning of WordPress patterns.

> Here are some of the things it scans
> - checks image tags <img > to ensure the source is a valid url, which is defined by a php tag
> - checks link tags <a> to ensure localhost is not part of link
> - ... more to come as required
> - It requires the `patterns` folder to be at the root of the theme or plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some of the things it scans:
- Checks image tags (`<img>`) to ensure the `src` attribute has PHP that references an image file in the `assets/` directory.
- Checks link tags (`<a>`) to ensure `localhost` is not part of the `href` attribute.
- ... more to come as required

Note: The scan requires the `patterns/` folder to be at the root of the theme or plugin.
```
